# markit-web

Markit is a simple web application written in `react.js` which can used for adding and removing markers from a map preferably **google maps**. This app uses **markit-server** to serve and support as the API server for accessing geocoding services.

### How to run ?

Navigate to the project folder, then install dependencies by:

```sh
npm i
```

and then you can run the app by:

```sh
npm start
```

app can be accessed from the url:

`http://localhost:3000`

#### Tests

You can run the unit tests from terminal by:

```sh
npm run test
```

and then select option `a`.

#### Build for production

A production build can be generated by:

```sh
npm run build
```

### Design Decisions and Guidelines

The source code is available inide the `src` folder in the root of the project. All the components created for the app are placed inside the `components` folder. Various common components and reusable static components are placed inside the `common` folder in the components folder. App specific components are placed in the root of `components` folder.

The `config` folder in the root of `src` folder keeps all the configuration files used by various modules in the app.

1. `axiosConfig.js` keeps the configuration values for `axios` ajax library.

2. `googleMapsConfig.json` keeps the configuration values for google maps library

3. `urlSchema.json` keeps the api endpoints served by markit-server.

The `service` folder in the root of `src` folder keeps various service modules used in the app.

1. `ajax.js` contains the `Ajax` class used in the app. This module exposes various ajax methods like `get`, `post`, `put`, `patch`, `delete` etc. This class implements the popular `axios` ajax library to expose `A+` promise based ajax methods. This class ensures that the app is independent of the ajax library used in the app and any changes made in the ajax implementation will not affect the app and the migration will be seamless.

